We thank all the reviewers for the constructive comments. Our response to the reviewers is given as follows.
Reviewer #1
We thank the reviewer for detailed comments and suggestions on improving the clarity of the paper.
1) For backward message passing, a node also performs average aggregation on the messages from its parent nodes.
2) Distributions at Nodes include both conditional prior distribution and conditional posterior distribution. The parameters for conditional prior distribution are determined by the output of the link flow functions that connect the parent nodes. Similarly, the parameters for conditional posterior distribution are from the output of the link flow functions that connect the child nodes.
3) Inference procedure is different from classical graphical models. Messages from observed nodes have to be aggerated at the root node to predict messing node values with probability.
4) Missing value inference relies on random masking training, and the inference is an approximation.
5) Without concatenation aggregation nodes, all flows in a VFG have the same dimension number. We can use the variable duplication trick to ensure dimension consistency at all nodes.
6) Figure 5 measures the imputation prediction MSE.
Reviewer #3
The results on improved ELBO are presented in section C.2.1 of the supplemental file. For one training sample x, we draw M samples to approximate KL terms and loss. We thank the reviewer for the suggestions on results and writing, and the issues will be addressed in the next version.
Reviewer #5 and Reviewer #6
We thank the reviewers for their concerns on paper clarity and writing suggestions.
1) The proposed prior is a hierarchy distribution and thus the KL divergence between the prior and the posterior requires layer-wise KL calculation. Hence, evaluation of KL term in each layer requires samples from both prior and posterior distributions.
2) Derivation of the log-det is based on the change-of-variable rule. Probability computation from one node to one of its adjacent nodes is based on the definition of normalizing flow given by equation (3).